add my repo to "related projects" section (#107)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci: README.md

## Related Projects

- [Lighthouse CI GitHub Action](https://github.com/treosh/lighthouse-ci-action) - Automatically run Lighthouse CI on every PR with GitHub Actions, no infrastructure required.

> - [Learning Lighthouse CI from scratch](https://github.com/hchiam/learning-lighthouse-ci) - A minimal example repo that you can use as a template for a beginner-friendly quickstart from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Learning Lighthouse CI](https://github.com/hchiam/learning-lighthouse-ci) - A minimal example repo that you can use as a template when starting from scratch, offers a beginner-friendly quickstart guide using create-react-app.
```

maybe? :)

Author: Perfect!
